# Context
Originally, this repo was created as a technical test for a Data Scientist internship. Its aim was to analyze daily medical measurements and generate graphs for doctors to assess a patient's health condition. 

I still publish this repo as a _barebone repo for Data Sc projects._ I found that the the convenience brought by the functions I developed in this repository can be useful in a couple of Data Science routines:
- Data Extraction from `.zip` files
- An automated pipeline
- A plotter tool

Though I made the code as versatile as possible, you will most probably have to taylor portions of the code to your needs. If you have any questions or suggestions in regards to the code, feel free to reach out on my GitHub email.

_In the interest of confidentiality, any mention to the forementioned company's name, any specific description of the technical interview, and any resources provided by the company has been removed as asked by the interviewer._



# Structure
This repository is organized along the following directories

Directory name | Description |
--- | --- |
`analysis` | Contains the work of data analysis
`data_extraction` | Contains the script used to unzip the data in a `.zip` file
`data` | Once generated by the script in `data_extraction`, contains the `.npz` and `.csv` files


## How to build this repository?
To perform the analysis you will have to follow the steps:
1. Extract the data from the `.zip` file
2. Process the data
3. Visualize it
To simplify usability and make sure to reproduce my results, I recommend to use the VS Code IDE with Python 3.10.


### Data extraction
You will have to __manually download your `.zip` file__ and move it __inside__ the `data_extraction` directory. Once done, you can run the entirety of `extract.ipynb` notebook. This will generate a `data` directory containing the medical measurements.


### Data Processing and Visualization
This step is done within `main.ipynb` inside the `analysis` directory. Just run the whole notebook, everything should work as expected.